OSDOCS-4906: Updating oc-mirror docs for OCI FBC GA (#58552)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-oci-format.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oc-mirror-oci-format_{context}"]
= Including local OCI Operator catalogs

While mirroring {product-title} releases, Operator catalogs, and additional images from a registry to a partially disconnected cluster, you can include Operator catalog images from a local file-based catalog on disk. The local catalog must be in the Open Container Initiative (OCI) format.

The local catalog and its contents are mirrored to your target mirror registry based on the filtering information in the image set configuration file.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> When mirroring local OCI catalogs, any {product-title} releases or additional images that you want to mirror with the local OCI-formatted catalog must be pulled from a registry.

Reviewer: Maybe use `along with the local OCI-formatted` ?
Just in case they understand this as being " with flag/feature local OCI-formatted"

Really not sure. up to you

You cannot mirror OCI catalogs along with an oc-mirror image set file on disk.
====

One example use case for using the OCI feature is if you have a CI/CD system building an OCI catalog to a location on disk, and you want to mirror that OCI catalog along with an {product-title} release to your mirror registry.

[NOTE]
====

> You cannot use the OCI local catalogs feature of the oc-mirror plugin to copy a catalog locally and convert it to OCI format as a first step to mirroring to a fully disconnected cluster.

Reviewer: Hi @bergerhoffer 
I'm not sure if this confuses users maybe? maybe mention this is only for those who used it in 4.12 to copy?

Author: Sure, I can update it to start with the "If you used the TP version..." like I've done elsewhere. Thanks!

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oc-mirror-oci-format_{context}"]
= Mirroring file-based OCI Operator catalogs

You can mirror Operator images from a local file-based catalog to your target mirror registry. The catalog must be on disk and must be in the Open Container Initiative (OCI) format.

> You can also mirror {product-title} releases, other Operator catalogs, and additional images from a registry along with the OCI catalog on disk to your target mirror registry.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
While mirroring {product-title} releases,  Operator catalogs, and additional images from a registry to a partially disconnected cluster, you can include Operator catalog images from a local file-based catalog on disk. 
The local catalog and its contents will be mirrored to your target mirror registry, based on the filtering information in the imagesetconfig configuration file.

Author: Added with minor tweaks. Should I remove the beginning sentence of this file with this replacement, or keep it?

If I need to remove it, I'd need somewhere in there to mention and spell out "Open Container Initiative (OCI)"

Reviewer: I see what you mean... Does it make better sense if we just switch order for L10 and L12?

Author: @sherine-k I ended up just getting rid of that first sentence and moved just the piece about OCI format to the end of the first sentence paragraph. Let me know if that works!

[IMPORTANT]
====

> When mirroring OCI catalogs, any {product-title} releases or additional images that you want to mirror with the OCI catalog must be pulled from a registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When mirroring local OCI catalogs, any {product-title} releases or additional images that you want to mirror with the local oci-formatted catalog must be pulled from a registry.
```

You cannot mirror OCI catalogs along with an oc-mirror image set file on disk.
====

One example use case for using the OCI feature is if you have a CI/CD system building an OCI catalog to a location on disk, and you want to mirror that OCI catalog along with an {product-title} release to your mirror registry.

[NOTE]
====

> You cannot use the OCI feature of the oc-mirror plugin to download Operator catalogs from a registry and them save to disk in OCI format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot use the OCI feature of the oc-mirror plugin to create an image set archive as a first step to mirroring to a fully disconnected cluster.
```

    packages:
    - name: aws-load-balancer-operator
  - catalog: registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.13           <4>
    packages:
    - name: rhacs-operator
  additionalImages:
  - name: registry.redhat.io/ubi8/ubi:latest                                 <5>
----
<1> Set the back-end location to save the image set metadata to. This location can be a registry or local directory. It is required to specify `storageConfig` values.
<2> Optionally, include an {product-title} release to mirror from `registry.redhat.io`.
<3> Specify the absolute path to the location of the OCI catalog on disk. The path must start with `oci://` when using the OCI feature.
<4> Optionally, specify additional Operator catalogs to pull from a registry.
<5> Optionally, specify additional images to pull from a registry.

. Run the `oc mirror` command to mirror the OCI catalog to a target mirror registry:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc mirror --config=./imageset-config.yaml \ <1>
  --include-local-oci-catalogs                <2>
  docker://registry.example:5000              <3>
----
<1> Pass in the image set configuration file. This procedure assumes that it is named `imageset-config.yaml`.

> <2> Use the `--include-local-oci-catalogs` flag to enable the OCI feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Use the `--include-local-oci-catalogs` flag to enable mirroring local OCI catalogs along with other remote content.
```

> <3> Specify the registry to mirror the image set file to. The registry must start with `docker://`. If you specify a top-level namespace for the mirror registry, you must also use this same namespace on subsequent executions.

Reviewer: There's no image set file in this case.
maybe Specify the registry to mirror the "content" to?

Author: Oh good catch!

+
Optionally, you can specify other flags to adjust the behavior of the OCI feature:
+
`--oci-insecure-signature-policy`:: Do not push signatures to the target mirror registry.
+

> `--oci-registries-config`:: Specify the path to a TOML-formatted `registries.conf` file. You can use this to mirror from a different registry, such as a pre-production location for testing, without having to change the image set configuration file.

Reviewer: I'd add this to be on the safe side: 
This only applies to the local oci catalogs, and not to the rest of the mirrored content.
